---
title: Oracle DevRel Slack Code of Conduct
date: 2022-04-01 11:15
---
### Welcome!

This is the official Oracle DevRel Community (OCI DevRel) Public Slack.

We strive for an open and welcoming community which respects all people
who contribute to our open-source projects and via this Slack channel.
We are committed to making the OCI DevRel Community a pleasant,
knowledgeable, and enjoyable experience for everyone. As such, we are
providing this Code of Conduct (CoC) to ensure all are welcome.

The OCI DevRel Public Slack is a dedicated community for anyone to
gather for support and collaboration around the Oracle Cloud Platform
ecosystem. Started in 2021, this Slack community has grown to hundreds
of active individuals from around the world who have gathered to share
their knowledge and expertise.

By using this Slack Channel, you agree to abide by the following Code of
Conduct, the [Slack Acceptable Use
Policy](https://slack.com/acceptable-use-policy), and the [Oracle privacy
policy](https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/) (pinned to the #general
channel). We reserve the right to update this code of conduct at any
time. When updates do occur, a message will be posted in the proper
channels to notify users.

### Expectations

The OCI DevRel Public Slack is not an official support channel of
Oracle. While this Slack may contain Oracle employees who are happy to
assist where they can, please refrain from mentioning or messaging
Oracle employees with direct questions. If you have a question in which
you require direct support from Oracle, please use our [official support
channel or the community
forums](https://support.oracle.com/MMOS/faces/welcome.jspx). Oracle
reserves the right to enforce, interpret, and extend these guidelines
for the betterment of the community.

The current admins are:

-   Caroline Caldwell, Head of Developer Marketing Global (DevAMP)
-   Niki Chen, Operations Manager

We want this to be a fun, pleasant, and harassment-free experience for
everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or
religion. We do not tolerate harassment of participants in any form.
Participants who are asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected
to comply immediately.

### Unwanted Solicitation of Services

This Slack is for community discussion and support; it is not for
selling products or services.

It is unacceptable to message users directly offering your services
unless the user has specifically requested this information. This also
includes direct messages regarding employment opportunities or freelance
projects. We have provided a #jobs channel inside of our Slack workspace
where these kinds of messages can be posted to.

### Channel and User Spamming

This Slack has many channels tailored toward various functionalities and
many users. When posting your message, please use the appropriate
channel for posting your message. It is unacceptable to copy/paste your
message across multiple channels for added visibility, post the same
message or similar message frequently within the same channel, and/or
directly spam users.

### Harassment

Harassment will not be tolerated. Harassment includes:

-   Offensive comments related to gender, gender identity and
    expression, sexual orientation, disability, mental illness,
    neuro(a)typicality, physical appearance, body size, race, or
    religion.

-   Unwelcome comments regarding a person's lifestyle choices and
    practices, including those related to food, health, parenting,
    drugs, and employment.

-   Deliberate misgendering or use of 'dead' or rejected names

-   Gratuitous or off-topic sexual images or behavior in spaces where
    they're not appropriate

-   Simulated physical contact (e.g. textual descriptions like "*hug*"
    or "*backrub*") without consent or after a request to stop.

-   Threats of violence

-   Incitement of violence towards any individual, including encouraging
    a person to commit suicide or to engage in self-harm

-   Deliberate intimidation

-   Sustained disruption of discussion

-   Unwelcome sexual attention

-   Continued one-on-one communication after requests to cease

-   Publication of non-harassing private communication

### Reporting

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed,
or have any other concerns, please contact
<Devrelcommunity_ww@oracle.com>. The moderators of this email address
will respond promptly.

We will respect the confidentiality of reporting for the purpose of
protecting victims of harassment or abuse.

### Consequences

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply
immediately.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the admins may take any
action they deem appropriate, up to and including expulsion from this
Slack.

### In Summary

Treat everyone with respect and kindness.

Be thoughtful in how you communicate.

Be welcoming, contribute to the conversations, and enjoy yourself.

If you encounter an issue, please get in contact with the Slack Admins.
